It is close to a book of love like this
Ah
It begins the video of the other Segorita favor
If you love youtube , do you read this book recently
Also Yappa's if human tonight though so this Re Figure 4 is seen a lot of the way I free
N to products hit him after the end of editing I also I in fact this is a great love
Bed
But I the daughter-in-law since the I But you know I have a lot of it to read sleep the goods they are I get married
like this
I'm sleeping, I'm upset when I read a book in the bottom state
How to also read that this good is it the sound of Kurami things and neglect in many considered or that there is no
Not But here there
Wow
I'm going into this inside, I'm going to go up key I'm invited this time just to say the North Sea of ​​soup
Always always here あ 5 lost in the village paper paper white
This presentation June 30, 2010 town
There are three types It is with respect to the bag is there a recent thing of black-and-white one
Kindle and Kindle Paper White are becoming voyage to get rid of
So my main purpose is
A daughter-in-law sleeping
Because it was the fact that I want to read a book without causing this kindle are excluded
Although the in the greater school I are two Shibura Kindle paper white is very was price
It is cheap but the resolution is about 212 pi india le voyage
The price range is high but the resolution is pan
It was 300 dpi . That means it's blue if you want to see it on a very good screen .
Boyage is a light-cut paper called Pyongyang when it is good for this exercise.
It was a strategy of Gane amazon
See such as net review of and to read this changing its Come fairly large and especially mango
I was told that I was transferred to work
I was wondering what to do, but this time the newly released paper
About White What is the resolution taken
so
It became reverse peer, that is, the resolution of this Kindle Paper White and POYAJU is
It was totally together, right?
It seems that it is only whether there is a problem when you turn the page if you say it is different
A 6 such
This time I'm here child in the fact that this also a way to Fes eyes about okay mountain
What price is with two Abbe campaign information to more finely I was crossing to purchase
In guy not a door door Anpen information
It 's like that the site of campaign naughty is coming out
This book I heard only with a cheap selling we'll Toka such information Sale I rather
you know
According to the anticipation with it
I this campaign information month by say When was I water is more of over there Nante's top
And by in the fact that I wonder it is not necessary to make a 3g line because the main be used to sleep at home
We purchased the file model
Uh, I didn't have it, but it's also kindle paper soon
white cafe
Let's have honey
This becomes I will be in the Amazon of the Kindle Paper white fifty thousand air at mean that
I'm finished z there is a ne story that says me Nekotaro pepper white
It's silver because hard to see if there is something bag how or rather open it cool a little
It's kind of like only the letters of kindle are moving Lars Black is like this
Rectum at the time of starting popular there You're targeting display can also be in this person in
Display tube push through or fork
The morning sky Inaki movement of the cruise out
Wonder if Miyo' open cool is a good sense of quality there is I feel Kuroku' Acre little
The only thing is that where is this ah If you understand here from the past you open up from now on
It seems to be good to go along with the cat 's arrow like a type.
N or Ideo my amazon kindle ever
Child
answer
I can read this book on a box that can actually have a large pitcher
I see a boy, I would not read you like a horny book
Let's try to leave for a long time
Amazing this child window of this love
It is the explanation disorder of the body and the paper love of India that went inside and it is the details
Have That's power cable in this code is also made to the Ne-chan and black
I 'm well designed to give a sense of unity with kindle
is not it
It's unusual, but this box has become rampant and what happens
It's okay to think
There are a lot of laughs, and there are a lot of tours English main body
Great parents also came out in
It's so nice to the flower garden This feels soft
You might not know say is like tofu silken put the power is here
So I just do not miss this
Dog It seems like there is a power button , but I will try to go outside
The
Popp Wood ー お い っ
Yuck of the period through the screen of up to Usakki boy still I do not know anything Japan by repeatedly crab
Let's listen to this Japanese
It looks like you can connect to a social network This half to go to the next page
It looks like it's like you're competing for a click when you click back
I tried to buy one more item of parrot end I tried to buy the stuff of Ryunosuke Akutagawa Ryunosuke
But it's have seen this soooo clean you can see it because it accepted this office a little while ago
It can be seen not be crushed fine place
If you look at it with a camera star, you may not understand it well, but if you look with the naked eye it is close to a ne
Well with the texture
Other reaction is not so bad
I will follow the fall
I don't feel so stressed back I'm surprised page
Yeah I'm all right I can flip the page just by sliding sideways
It feels like it's turning over
I feel like this woman who can understand that I do it this way
I'm upset right I'm amazing I'm downloading one million lights now
download
It seems like it takes a while to do something
It's over, this is a cartoon version but it looks like this
It's too early to turn over, you can see this kind of sound sesame times are well expressed
There
Now I'm betrayed by the aircraft carrier Remains of the land called inside while I do not mind even if I read a manga
I tried using kindle paper white for a while
No great I this something and the number of ten I have thought that soooo in
Good place I put together three or so, but it is not different from the ordinary book at all
is not it
Unlike looking at so-called ipad, eyes are not tired at all
It was bright on 7 and can be adjusted with this
4 it will have quite the goods hit for free and look for
Kindle version 0 yen and a lot when I look for it, maybe I will walk up to change the book in the bookstore
I think that those who bought it is unabashedly Toka or selling cheaper Find Maybe the book is doing it is obtained
Masu ultra-palm in the Fu of 1 Tsukana of the charms say Datte size that fits me sports
Do you think
If it is forced to go where it is going to zoom
Without displaying to fine pattern when the collapse Toka of reading comics but Well anxious
I do n't mind at all because I often try it
I'm Superman each company a good buy was Mashi you were expressed in what is okay
This time was Amazon's kindle pimp
If you are on a white day, there is a link in the explanation section of my video, so by that
Please try to fly from
So what do you think about today's video reading books here paperlessly here
Or please write in your opinion comments and tell me, and it will go high on this road
Evaluation subscribe also wish best regards 2
But it will be tomorrow again